♪ There's neon lights in New York City ♪
♪ Bumper stickers that read
"I voted for Willie" ♪
♪ Ain't it evident? ♪
♪ It's a small world we're living in ♪
♪ Skyscrapers may kiss the sky ♪
♪ But everywhere's got a countryside ♪
Guess we're not in New York
anymore. are we. Biscuit?
♪ We're all stars in a different show ♪
♪ Singing along with the radio ♪
♪ All the same different shades of grey ♪
♪ Just trying to enjoy the ride ♪
-♪ Everywhere's got a countryside ♪
-Morning.
How you doing. honey? You good? You good?
♪ Countryside ♪
Where's he at now?
Giving old Tino a piece of his mind
about the controlled burn
at the fence line.
Boys aren't happy.
Rough few months.
I know. Don't worry. boys. We're gonna
get rid of him soon enough. All right?
And if we don't?
If we don't. you're gonna have to put me
out of my misery like an old barn dog.
Ah. clue me in. boys. What's so funny?
Huh?
Where do I start? Fact that you got
your butt whooped in the last election.
or that when it comes to ranching. you
don't know your elbow from your asshole?
Careful. son.
Or what?
Are you gonna steal control of this ranch
out from under me? Wait. you already did.
That I did.
But everyone in this room
should take note of that fact.
There's another Kirkland
in charge now.
And if you don't like it.
don't let the barn door hit you
in the ass on the way out.
That includes you.
You done playing big man.
or can we get back to work?
Hey!
Don't test me.
-Matty. rotate that herd.
-Yes. sir.
Sterlin. make sure we re-up that alfalfa.
-Good work.
-Uh-huh.
What's eating you?
Seen the strangest thing this morning.
A little silver Audi parked by the pond.
Oh.
See a woman on her cell phone.
can't find her way off the ranch.
I had to race out of there. all right?
Yancy needed help with a baby calf.
Did you show her out?
I did.
Thank you.
-What?
-I'm not judging your
revolving door of lady friends.
Wait. It kind of feels like you are. Jake.
Figured you might think
to rein it in a bit.
Now. why would I do that?
Because… she's back.
Welcome home. sis!
Get over here.
Six months.
Ah. I missed you.
I missed you. too.
-Look. hear me out.
-Mm-hm.
You have to promise not to get mad. okay?
She wouldn't take no for an answer.
How's my girl?
Hi. Mom.
We were chit-chatting and your sister
let on about your big welcome home party.
"Surprise." Mom.
Surprise party.
Mom.
Not anymore.
-I just had to be here for you.
-When was the last time you were here?
Too long. That's exactly my point.
-Well. there's more to it. right?
-Mm. definitely.
-Why are you two pitching a fit?
-Because we know you.
-Know what I should do while I'm here?
-Mm.
Trying to talk you
into going back to New York.
I… I'm serious.
When I was visiting you there.
seeing the life you were living.
should be living…
Look. I'm not about
to give relationship advice.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
Speaking of. how is Roger?
-William.
Number five.
William's fine. Everything's fine.
Oh. you girls.
Can I not spend quality time
with my two beautiful daughters?
Is that not allowed?
Yeah. it's allowed. Mom.
Good. One of y'all put on some coffee.
I'm gonna make Texas Rangers.
I still got it.
I'll get the coffee.
Oh. I still got it.
Mm. you still got it. Mom.
I'll be back.
Hey. How'd it go?
-Hi. Good. Yeah.
-Yeah?
-Great.
-Yeah? Hell. yeah.
I knew our late night
tutoring sessions would pay off.
-Yeah.
-Hell with cheer. huh?
If your SATs are good enough. UT might
consider giving you another scholarship.
Yeah. Yeah. who knows?
Just take the W.
Okay.
Only… if we can get our tutoring sessions
back to their original purpose.
Oh. yeah?
Show me.
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah?
Hey. Quinn. welcome back.
Hey.
You're back.
I'm back.
Look at you. Look at this place.
I know. right?
Yeah. so all those times you said busy.
you were just massively downplaying it?
-Not too bad. huh?
-No.
And… we're actually turning a profit.
Some of the other businesses around here.
though. not so lucky.
-Yeah. I heard Miss Ollie's closed.
-Yep.
-And Maeve's.
-Mm-hm.
I mean. you said it was bad.
but I didn't realize how bad.
Yeah. well.
once the pipeline was in. AWP cut bait.
All that money dried up.
Half dozen ranches folded.
-A bunch of them sold out and cashed in.
-Hm.
Davis?
Davis.
You think that'll really work out.
him and Paula Jo reconciling?
I mean. I guess with Reid at A&M now.
he figured he'd just take the money
and head to Austin.
Oh. I sure know how to pick 'em.
Okay. enough about Davis.
-How is NYC?
-Ah.
If I'm honest…
Playing in front of all those people.
it really filled the cup.
But so did this.
And I was ready to be home.
Mm-hm.
What?
-Are you gonna ask?
-Ask what?
-About you-know-who.
-About Staten?
-Yes.
-No.
Well. he's been showing up here. Okay?
-Asks after you.
-Hm.
I mean. sure. he's had his.
you know. dalliances.
but that's…
Dalliances?
Is that what we're calling them?
Okay. to be fair. so have you.
Yeah. well.
a lot can happen in six months.
You're telling me.
Speaking of. what's the latest
and greatest with Yancy Gray
and the whole long-lost wife situation?
♪ Heaven knows I've seen darkness ♪
♪ And I've seen what it can do ♪
♪ Wooooo ♪
♪ There's a storm that's on its way ♪
♪ Wooo oooh. wooo oooh ♪
Sidney?
Where the hell are…
Jesus Christ.
-Can you put on clothes?
-Nothing you haven't seen before.
Where are my beers?
And my barbecue? That was my lunch.
-I'm trying to keep my hubby healthy.
-Don't call me that.
Well. if the shoe fits. babe. Ooh.
Speaking of shoes…
I think these will go great with that
little dress I have with cherries on it.
I wore it when we fleeced
that surly contractor back in Dallas.
Come on. What is this? I…
I have been patient. I've been kind.
I've been sleeping
in the guest room for six months.
You're always welcome in my bed.
You said you needed help. place to lay low
after a job gone bad. I gave it to you.
And you promised me
that you'd give me a divorce if I did.
We had a deal.
Okay. fine.
I'll leave. If that's what you want.
Okay.
And… Thank you.
Okay. I mean it. I just…
I think it's best for both of us.
we go our separate ways.
You mean so you can get back
with your hot bartender ex?
I think I deserve the truth. is that it?
No. That's over.
It was over the minute
you arrived here in town.
Perfect timing. Thank you.
-Well. it wasn't me that lied to her.
-I didn't lie.
You and I both know
our marriage was part of a con.
one that I trusted was annulled.
I just need to know if you're...
-I said I'm gonna leave. all right?
-Then do it.
Please.
Staten?
Hi there.
Oh. Hey!
It's good to see you.
I could tell by how fast
you were trying to get out.
Oh. yeah. I forgot I had to…
I had this thing I had to go… Yeah.
I was sorry to hear about Double K.
Your dad contesting you as trustee.
No. I… Are you really that surprised?
Well. hey. it ain't over
till it's over. right?
Right.
Good to see you.
You said that.
I feel like
we owe ourselves a conversation.
-Is that right?
-Yeah.
Huh.
I don't recall my phone ringing
once these last six months.
-Oh.
-Guess I just figured you'd moved on.
In fact. I heard you had. What was it? Uh…
Ransom's newest bicycle.
Everyone gets a ride.
-That's funny.
-No judgment. You're a grown man.
The phone rings both ways. doesn't it?
True. Yeah.
I don't remember getting a call from you.
Yeah. But only one person
walked out the door that night.
What did you want me to do? Call? Text?
Send flowers? Fly to New York.
beg you to come back?
No.
No. I'm good.
I've moved past it.
Have you now?
I think the universe has been trying to
tell us something for a long time. Staten.
I think it's high time
we finally listened.
Hey there. cowboy.
She's gotta go.
It's hard to believe anything
that comes out of that woman's mouth.
I said it since the day she set foot
in Ransom. She wants you back.
She's shit out of luck.
'cause I'm good and well taken.
Damn right.
You are.
Maybe we should just tell her.
Force her hand. you know? Make her leave.
No. No. El… I've told you.
Sid is a con artist.
She's always working an angle.
If she gets anything.
any crumb of information.
she will use it against us.
We cannot have that.
Not now.
My patience… is running thin.
I went from about to get married
to secret girlfriend in one night.
I know.
I'm sorry.
But look. if we play this right.
we're gonna be in the clear.
I'll swing by Gracie's tonight.
It'll just be you and me. Okay?
Okay.
The hell's all this?
It's a… it's a catio.
Okay? For Mr. Scratch.
That stray cat?
We don't even know
if that fleabag is a mister. Kit.
You can't feed the thing
without getting cut up.
-Why do you think it needs a catio?
-Look. there's no work. Okay?
I've been losing my mind
since the Collins shuttered Bar W.
Makes me sick watching you working every
weekend. You should be saving for college.
-I'm happy to help.
-You wanna help?
Put in a good word for me at the Double K.
Ranching's what I'm good at.
Staten will be at the party tonight.
-Come on. You know I can't do that.
-Can't?
Or won't?
Won't. Think Staten's gonna hire the guy
who helped cover up the accident
that killed his kid?
Shit. he'd fire me for even asking.
and I wouldn't blame him.
You don't get it. It's really bad.
Maybe it's not as bad as you think.
My sister thought she bombed the SATs.
and now she's at Duke.
-I didn't even finish. so…
-Sure you can't come back to the team?
I can't even lift my arm.
so I'm gonna say no.
Besides. you're doing great
as team captain.
Doesn't mean you aren't missed.
Hey.
Come here.
It's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
You good. boss?
Yeah.
I'm just weighing the state of things.
What are you all gussied up for?
Thanks for noticing.
Quinn's welcome home party.
Yeah.
So…
The old man's been on fire.
Told the boys to plow up the Johnson
grass. replace it all with Sudan tomorrow.
You wanna push back?
No. Hell no.
I'm gonna stick to the plan.
I'm gonna let him hang himself.
That way. in a couple of months.
when that trustee vote comes back around.
the boys will know exactly
who to throw their vote behind.
If he burns the Double K down
in the meantime?
Well…
Sometimes you gotta burn it down
to build it back up.
Come back stronger. now.
Mm.
See you over at Gracie's tonight.
I never said I was coming.
Hell. We both know you're coming.
What's up. Quinn?
All right. let's go.
Hey. you.
Oh. sorry. I thought you were…
Wait. who is this?
-When you get back.
-I knew it.
I knew you weren't just here
to see us. You're full of shit.
-Quinn. honey.
-What's going on?
I just got off the phone with a realtor.
Mom's trying to sell the house.
"You know what you should do. honey?
Go back to New York."
You… You should go back
to New York. I meant that.
Are you trying to sell the house?
I wasn't trying to go behind y'all's back.
I wanted to have this conversation
after your party.
Oh. that's so nice.
Thank you. Thank you for thinking of me.
Excuse me. I was thinking of you.
Of evicting me?
Because the realtor said there is
a handful of very interested buyers.
Jesus. Mom!
This town is dying.
The value of the farm is dipping
by the minute. Time to sell was yesterday.
Even if that is true. you can't...
I can. Because I own the property.
And I make decisions regarding it.
Perfect.
Mom. I have to go to my party.
And I have to act surprised.
Thank you very much.
Can we still come?
Do whatever you want.
It's what you always do anyway.
Claire. Claire…
That's gonna take a while to mend.
Maybe just tonight.
♪ That ass from Alabama ♪
♪ And she wanna go shopping
And get crab legs in Atlanta ♪
♪ And nobody say Miami ♪
♪ But I say that don't matter ♪
♪ Cuz she dress like a city girl ♪
♪ That cook just like my grandma
And she ain't from Tennessee ♪
♪ But she a ten in my eyes ♪
♪ And she mine Lord. willing
And the river gon' rise ♪
♪ Cutie in a Louie ♪
♪ Look like her mama raised her well ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. she know what she doin' ♪
♪ So whatever she doin' ♪
♪ Know that she gon' do it to death. hey ♪
♪ Call her Monday she at work
She at work ♪
♪ Call her Sunday she might be at church
Be at church ♪
♪ Baby daddy got the baby
For the weekend ♪
♪ So On Friday she gon' twerk
She gon' twerk ♪
♪ She a demon in a dress
She stay on that typa time ♪
♪ And she mine. lord. willing
And the river gon' rise ♪
What the hell are you doing here?
I'm showing off my new dress.
It's a party. isn't it?
God. don't you just love it here?
You and me.
Ransom elevens in a sea of fives.
How about a dance? Hm?
Come on. Come on.
-Whiskey neat. Cheers.
-Thank you. Ellie.
-I'll take one more.
-Make that two more.
-I thought you might turn up.
-Yeah.
Whole town turned up.
Sure. But the whole town didn't
drench themselves in cologne.
It's aftershave.
It's a rare occasion I see you nervous.
-I'm gonna enjoy it.
-I'm not nervous.
Just like you're not buying me
this whiskey here.
-Put both on his tab?
-You got it. Sheriff.
Thank you. Ellie.
Hey. thank you
for your service. Cheap ass.
Don't you clean up nice?
Aging well. too.
Oh my God. Claire O'Grady.
what the hell are you doing here?
-How's your Aunt Bea?
-She's dead.
My condolences.
-Two decades ago.
-Damn.
I haven't seen you around here in ages.
What's the occasion?
Oh. I'm back for Quinn's party.
-Uh-huh.
-And the odd loose end or two.
-Oh. loose ends. right.
-Mm-hm.
How's the ranch?
-It's awful.
-Mm.
Still the charmer. Staten.
-Whoo!
-Ever the angel. Claire.
So nice to see you.
Quinn?
-Senator. Or should I say former?
-Mm.
Shame about those election results.
Depends on how you slice it.
Nice seeing you. sir.
Clear as day.
You took down your own son and this town
for your own personal interests.
I hope on your last days
you look back on that flawed decision
with the regret that it deserves.
Well…
It's good to see you.
You too. Sam.
I love your work.
Hi.
Okay. be right back.
That's what I said.
We should all… yeah.
-Hey. y'all.
-Hey!
-I was telling Lucas. party at my place.
-You should both come.
Yeah. I mean. like…
maybe. I just gotta clean.
-So…
-We'll be going all night.
We'll catch the next one.
-Yeah.
-All right.
Yeah. all good.
Sorry. Uh… I'm gonna… I'm gonna go.
Go. Go.
You shouldn't do that.
It's not a big deal.
I'm just saying. don't dim your light.
'cause hers is flickering.
What does that mean?
Tell me what you mean.
You wanna hit it real nice and soft.
Just
kiss it.
Ah. scratch.
Bummer.
-Yeah.
-Hey. did you drop this?
Yeah.
-Thanks.
-No problem.
What the hell was that?
When did you become so boring?
-Jesus.
-I live here. Sid.
I am aware of that.
I left that life behind. I'm not gonna
have you screwing this up for me.
You said that you're gonna go. gonna
give me a divorce. Gonna stand by that?
I'm thinking on it.
You're thinking on it?
Yeah. Yeah. that tracks.
I know that you're playing
at something. Sid.
So what is it? What do you want?
I want you.
I miss us. I mean. you and me against
the world. playing cons every single day.
How great that felt.
Don't you want that again?
No.
You do.
You… you do.
You're so good at grifting
that you are grifting yourself.
You wanna spend the rest of your life
shoveling cow shit on a dying ranch?
Tell me that is what you really want. and
I will sign the divorce papers tonight.
That's what I want.
If that's how you really feel.
I'll just. uh… I'll be on my way.
Sid. I'm sorry.
-Hey. Lauren.
-Hi.
-Can we talk?
-I'm a busy. but...
-Why are you lying to me?
-I can assure you I'm busy.
About the SAT.
Hey. don't. don't blame Ashley for telling
me. She's. uh… she's worried about you.
Yeah. who's lying now?
I don't care. I feel bad. Maybe I was
putting too much pressure on you.
No. no. it's...
-I need to know you trust me.
-Just stop.
You… It's not your fault.
It's never your fault.
I didn't say anything to you because
I didn't want to disappoint you. but I…
I don't know if I'm going anywhere soon.
And I'm not going anywhere without you.
I'm not leaving you behind.
Not now. not ever.
You say nice things. At the end
of the day. they're just words.
They're not just words. Lauren.
My life is with you.
And if that's here.
maybe that is here.
Okay?
'Kay.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Thanks for a hundred right there.
Buy you fellas your next round?
Huh?
I'll pass.
Any of y'all want to take
Mr. Kirkland up on his kindness?
I'm good.
I ain't thirsty.
Mr. Kirkland.
Kit Russell.
I heard you're running things
at the Double K now.
Mm-hm.
By the looks of it. sir… could use a hand
to give you a bit of respect.
That's a bold move.
Especially coming from the shit-heel
who tried to cover up
the death of my grandson.
-Yeah. I did.
-Mm-hm.
I was protecting someone.
Kept my mouth shut out of loyalty.
My hot take?
You could use a bit of loyalty.
You're never winning over
Staten's guys. Never.
You'd be working cheek-to-cheek
with Staten every day.
No. sir. I'd be working for you.
Loyal as the day is long.
Care for a drink?
I'd be grateful.
Boss.
You were right about Sid.
I knew it. She's back for you.
Guess she was hanging on. hoping.
Hm.
But look. I made it damn clear.
There is no future there.
I know that it landed.
So it's over?
She's leaving?
'Cause if not. I'm out.
We both know the clock is ticking.
-I can't be playing these games anymore.
-El. El. El. listen to me.
It's over.
I promise.
♪ Tonight. we're going dancin'
I wanna see you fancy ♪
♪ In a Phantom
With the ghost of the Opry ♪
♪ Gonna run it up
Make the Robert's bill costly ♪
♪ All of my rowdy friends ♪
♪ Dr-drinking 1942 ♪
♪ Dressed like 1992 ♪
♪ I'm just feeling classic life ♪
♪ Findin' love somewhere
Underneath the flashin' lights ♪
♪ And I'm like
All right. all right. all right ♪
♪ Feel like Matthew McConaughey ♪
♪ Rebel Without A Cause
We were put here to party ♪
♪ And we'll go honkytonkin' ♪
Busted.
Shit. What do you want?
Nothing.
A pull. maybe.
Saw you and Lucas got into a tiff.
That's none of your business.
motherfucker.
Whatever. Sorry.
That's fine. It's facts.
I don't want to think about it...
Okay. so change the subject.
Lucas is so nice.
And kind. and… I love him so much.
I really do.
I want to be the person
that he thinks I am.
Lately. I just feel like
he's been. like. working
to lift me up. and…
I don't want to… hold him back.
You are.
We both are.
Yeah. all I got…
Is to try and do right by him
while he's still around.
Maybe you should too.
He deserves more than this place.
More than us.
-What poor schmuck's tab is this on?
-Give me a break. We're celebrating.
-Celebrating?
-Yeah. the end of an era.
Sid and Yancy.
We had a good run. didn't we?
We did. yeah.
To our divorce.
Oh. and you being a father.
You know. on second thought.
I am still your wife.
Heartbroken wife of a convicted ex-con
who just so happened
to knock up his side piece.
Know what that entitles me to?
Half of Fuller ranch.
Maybe a hell of a lot more.
You'll get your divorce. Yancy.
But it's gonna cost you.
So what. you were playing me?
No.
But what'd you always tell me? Huh?
When the cards don't fall your way.
know how to pivot.
Well. my love…
You ready to go? Tim's doing
an after-party. and I am chaperone.
Just a few more minutes. okay?
Okay. but don't get another one.
You overwhelmed?
Thank you.
I mean. I've been
teetering on whelmed most of the night
but I might have just crossed over.
Yeah. well. it's a lot.
Coming back.
Party in your honor. Having to fake
surprise to all these people.
-I didn't fake it.
-You absolutely faked it.
-I didn't.
-You did.
-No. I didn't!
-You totally faked it.
Are we still talking about the party?
Oh. shit. I hope so.
Look…
I know you're whelmed.
overwhelmed. and I don't…
I don't want to add to that.
Mm. But you're gonna.
I miss you.
I just… I'm just trying
to be straight with you here.
God knows.
I'm not very good at that. but I just…
I miss you. Quinn.
-Wait...
-No. just please let me finish.
I should have called. I should have…
I should have done a lot of things. but…
Now you're back.
And I'm not gonna
make the same mistake twice.
-Staten. I need to tell you something.
-Okay.
When I was in New York…
Um…
Hey. Hey. what is it?
Everything okay over there?
Yeah. sorry. I…
I just. um…
Will you excuse me
for one second? I'm so sorry.
Um…
I'm so sorry.
-What is going on?
-Just follow me.
-Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
-Okay.
The Wordle is gazebo.
I knew you'd figure it out.
What are you doing here?
I'm here for you.
I texted you.
You said you were at home.
I know. but your mom said
that party was a surprise. so…
Of course she did.
Oh. don't be mad.
I was the one who called her.
-Why?
-Come on.
-Wait. you didn't know about this?
-No. Mom…
Oliver. what is this?
This is me trying to convince you
to come back to New York.
And. um…
And to ask you to marry me.